Hey everyone,
We have very bad news. Asu is not renewing our membership as an instructional program. We will be organizing a protest Tomorrow (Saturday) and the first day of school. I need everyone's help to make this happen. More info on the end of this message.

The story is complicated but here is a sum up:
In May we were informed that the SRC will have a new Instructional Program policy. One requirement is that all martial arts are required to have insurance from this semester on. 
In June we were given actual instructions on how to submit our paperwork for an instructional program. Since MA insurance costs at a minimum of $1000 per year, it was difficult to find one that was reasonable since they mostly cover much larger programs. Eventually in early July, Master Elliot of the north school figured out a way to put me on his insurance. 
We were in contact with a Sue Butler who works at the SRC while doing this. She never returned/answered calls and rarely emailed us back after we had questions. We became mired in details at this point because the document that Sue sent us did not describe how we were supposed to be insured. In perticular they require 'ASU' 'Board of Regents' and 'Arizona' to be additional insured along with Eitan and I, but many MA insurance companies insure by address only. 
After a few slow weeks of getting very few details and rarely hearing back, we had gotten our insurance exactly the way they wanted it. In late july we faxed/emailed it all over to Sue. It was understood that the process takes them a few weeks for some reason.
A week later on Aug 3rd, I called Michelle Jung to see what the status was. She informed me that we were too late and that there was not enough time in the summer break to finish the processing. She explained that Sue Butler had gone on vacation one day prior to my call. I asked why she hadn't taken care of the processing before Sue left. She had about a week to do so. She basically explained that our club is hard to work with and that she never liked us. She said that we had missed a deadline of August 1st even though our insurance was done and sent in late July. 
At this point it was clear that she had no interest in setting up our club at all. I contacted her supervisor Tamera Garska, and she told me that if I had proof of having had everything done and following through, she'd consider setting up our club.
This is the conversation with Tamera: 
http://songportal.org/misc/tamera_discussion.txt
Interesting Points to note are:
Tamera does not consider any of my emails as follow up.
Tamera ignores the fact that all information they provided was sketchy at best and did not ever show any deadlines or anything time-sensitive.
Tamera accuses me of email tampering and modification after confusing two emails.
Tamera and Michelle Jung handle all instructional programs. This is not the first time they have done damage with their unprofessional and lackadaisical behavior:

